# Bear Country

*Posted by Aubrey on 4/5/23*

This is a partial tracklist of the Bear Country loop. Many thanks to RocketRodsXPR for digging up an old live recording he had downloaded from the 1980s which captured about 30 minutes of the loop.

This tracklist does help the conclusion that the Golden Bear Lodge and the Bear Country loop were one and the same.

I did not note track times as the speed varies for each track, likely being from a tape recording, and there are several long silences in-between tracks.

**Bear Country (partial)**

Loop length unknown (at least 30 minutes)

1. Cannonball Rag - Chet Atkins, Jerry Reed - Me And Jerry
2. Bearless Love - Original Soundtrack From Walt Disney World's Country Bear Jamboree
3. The Claw - Jerry Reed - The Best of Country Instrumentals vol. 1
4. Stump Water - Chet Atkins, Jerry Reed - Me And Jerry
5. Difficult - Hank Snow, Chet Atkins - The Best of Country Instrumentals vol. 1
6. Shuckin' The Corn - Larry McNeely, Glen Campbell - Glen Campbell Presents Larry McNeely
7. Country Gentleman - Chet Atkins - The Best of Country Instrumentals vol. 1
*<note: If not obtaining the vinyl record, you want the shorter 1:53 version from Chet Atkins - The Master and His Music. Other tracks seem to be a different recording altogether.>*
8. Foggy Mountain Breakdown - Lester Flatt, Earl Scruggs - The Story of Bonnie and Clyde
*<note: Although this track has been released several times over the years, the loop track is is an edited version that seems to come from this album specifically>*
9. Bang! Goes Old Betsy - Original Soundtrack From Walt Disney World's Country Bear Jamboree
10. Bile 'em Cabbage Down - Original Soundtrack From Walt Disney World's Country Bear Jamboree
11. In The Gloryland - Earl Scruggs - Nashville's Rock
12. Black Mountain Rag - Chet Atkins - The Best of Country Instrumentals vol. 3 OR Chet Atkins - The Master And His Music
13. Nut Sundae - Chet Atkins, Jerry Reed - Me And Jerry