# New Mickey’s Toontown Loop (2023)

**Posted by Aubrey on 4/4/23; Note that this is an extended version of my 3/26 MouseBits post.**

There are several relevant details regarding the new Mickey’s Toontown area loop(s) introduced on March 18, 2023 that have been released or discussed in recent interviews:

[9 Details We Love About Mickey’s Toontown - D23](https://d23.com/9-details-we-love-about-mickeys-toontown/)

> Beyond CenTOONial Park, there’s also a stretch of greenery outside Mickey Mouse and Minnie Mouse’s two houses. The third space is a quiet, shady spot nestled in the land’s far corner beside *Chip ‘n’ Dale’s GADGETcoaster*. The land’s tunes, working with composer Mike Rubino, were arranged into a spa-like, quiet soundscape, designed to help guests who may be overstimulated to decompress. Amid the quirky plants and fanciful trees, it offers a moment to relax.
> 

From an interview on Mickey’s Toontown available on the Disneyland app:

> The soundscape and score of the land was a fun journey for us. We had the chance here to paint a canvas with music that sets the tone for the visit we want you to have: boppy tunes that have you bouncing as you stroll, and classic Disney favorites that are likely to catch your attention—many which you’ll recognize with nostalgia, and others featuring some interesting twists!
Since the land has so many different pockets with different energies, the music needed to pick up on the unique emotions Guests will experience as they explore, but it had to be cohesive across the entire land. So, we composed music through unique instrumentation in each area. An arrangement for the fountain would have a different feel than Goofy’s How-To-Play Yard, and still different in the quieter area. But it all weaves together in a beautiful tapestry that sets the stage for taking in the sights and sounds of Mickey’s Toontown.
> 

Based on the interview, it seems that there is a main land loop featured at CenTOONial park, an arrangment for the CenTOONial Park fountain, an arrangment for Goofy’s How-To-Play Yard, and a quiet, soft arrangement for Popcorn Park.

---

A version of StarWarsGalaxysEdge's tracklist with annotated bridges, based on a live recording at CenTOONial Park graciously provided by pixelated. I tried to put the markers at the first beat on the released tracks so take these times with a grain of salt (+/- a few milliseconds or seconds).

Bridges indicate musical segments connecting tracks which are not present on the released tracks.

**Mickey's Toontown BGM (March 18th, 2023 - present)**

Loop length 00:29:59.978

Length             Name

00:01:20.507    Mickey Mouse Clubhouse Theme (from "Mickey Mouse Clubhouse")

00:00:05.818    Bridge

00:02:17.392    Happy Days

00:00:47.503    DuckTales Theme (from "DuckTales")

00:01:03.157    Our Homespun Melody (from "Mickey Mouse" S5 E12)

00:00:00.812    Bridge

00:01:56.891    Afternoon Sun

00:00:40.597    Donald Duck Theme

00:01:36.500    Nothing Can Stop Us Now (from "Mickey & Minnie's Runaway Railway")

00:00:56.308    The Three Caballeros (from "The Three Caballeros")

00:01:46.822    Mousin' Around

00:03:07.082    My Happy Place (from Toontown's CenTOONial Park Fountain)

00:00:46.037    Hot Dog! (from "Mickey Mouse Clubhouse")

00:01:00.468    The Spectrum Song (from "Walt Disney's Wonderful World of Color")

00:00:46.702    Steamboat Bill (from "Steamboat Willie")

00:01:49.089    Strolling Along

00:00:01.112    Bridge

00:01:00.066    Chip 'n Dale: Rescue Rangers Theme (from "Chip 'n Dale: Rescue Rangers")

00:02:40.368    Walking and Whistling

00:00:48.150    Bridge

00:00:59.815    Playtime Shuffle (shortened)

00:00:06.647    Bridge

00:00:49.977    Mickey Mouse Club March (from "The Mickey Mouse Club")

00:00:01.745    Bridge

00:01:47.825    Lazy Bounce

00:00:01.662    Bridge

00:01:31.572    I2I (from "A Goofy Movie")

00:00:09.338    Bridge