# Pacific Wharf

*Posted by Aubrey on 3/4/23*

This loop has been something of a peculiar case in that one track was ID’d in a Magic Music tracklist as “At Play (WorldSong)” in 2002. However, no source album/artist/label has ever been found that contains the source track. IHeartGaming has recently found the source track itself, but not the source. So the mystery continues.

<aside>
📌 ****DCA_-_Pacific_Wharf_BGM_-_At_Play_192_kbps.flac****
[https://app.box.com/s/mnhvd22941sm5gi1ir1ws9e4u96qvb5q](https://app.box.com/s/mnhvd22941sm5gi1ir1ws9e4u96qvb5q)
********IHeartGaming notes “This file is not actually lossless. The original source is a 192 kbps MP3, and FLAC was only used in order to not introduce any additional lossy compression. Unfortunately, this brings me no closer to the source of "At Play" nor whatever WorldSong is.”

</aside>

In celebration of finding this track in its 192 kbps glory, pixelated has generously given me access to a live recording for the sake of finding edit points. It is likely this loop will also soon disappear with the transformation of Pacific Wharf into San Fransokyo, so consider this a final salute.

These tracks tend to have long fadeouts, and it’s hard to know where the cutoff is between tracks. As such, I assigned the start of the track to the appearance of frequency (at any level) on the spectrogram. The loop lengths are then calculated from that location until the start of the next track. There is a possible loop start where there is no overlap between tracks between Streetbeat and Don Quixote, and about 1.045 seconds of silence. Only one track is edited with a late track start. There are no crossfades between tracks.

**DCA - Pacific Wharf**

Loop length 01:08:54.326

<1.045 seconds of silence>

1. Don Quixote - Luis Villegas - Cafe Ole (Domo Records) (loop length 00:03:04.650)
2. Loco Por Ti - Oscar Lopez - Seduction (Narada) (loop length 00:05:05.600)
3. Whirl-y-reel - Afro Celt Sound System - Sound Magic, Vol. 1 (Real World) (loop length 00:07:19.626)
4. Rosa Rose - Oscar Lopez - Seduction (Narada) (loop length 00:04:14.315)
5. Baby Elephants - Luis Villegas - Cafe Ole (Domo Records) (loop length 00:03:39.226)
6. Rattle and Burn - Jesse Cook - Vertigo (Narada) (loop length 00:03:45.798)
7. Spanish Eyes - Carlos Villalobos - La Esperanza (Higher Octave) (loop length 00:04:12.122)
<note, starts at ~1:07.440 of source track, slight fade in>
8. Mercuriana - Jose Luis Encinas - Duende (Narada) (loop length 00:04:27.873)
9. Egüle-n Boru - Togtooliin Chagdarjav, Dashnym Enhtuya, Gurddrj Gantuya - Mongolian Instrumental Music (World Music Library) (loop length 00:03:39.226)
10. Olinda Road - Hapa - Islands (Putumayo) (loop length 00:03:17.750)
11. Tigris Palace - NovaMenco - Gypsy Fusion (Baja Records) (loop length 00:04:23.053)
12. Puerto Rican Gypsy - Banda Criolla, Jose Gonzalez - A World Instrumental Collection (Putumayo) (loop length 00:05:50.162)
13. At Play - WorldSong - (loop length 00:01:13.400)
14. Köke Torɢan Degel ~ Goyar Sedgil - Doljin Enhtaivan, Togtooliin Chagdarjav, Dashnym Enhtuya, Tsegmid Gerelmaa, Gurddrj Gantuya - Mongolian Instrumental Music (World Music Library) (loop length 00:03:17.750)
15. S.O.B. - Luis Villegas - Cafe Ole (Domo Records) (loop length 00:03:59.713)
16. Nasca Lines - Brian Hughes - A World Instrumental Collection (Putumayo) (loop length 00:05:35.266)
17. Streetbeat - David Hewitt - A World Instrumental Collection (Putumayo) (loop length 00:03:41.988)

The Mongolian Instrumental Music album is out of print. See the Discogs listing:
[https://www.discogs.com/release/10867664-Various-Mongolian-Instrumental-Music](https://www.discogs.com/release/10867664-Various-Mongolian-Instrumental-Music)

A lower quality rip is available here (I don’t have the CD unfortunately):

<aside>
📌 ****Mongolian Instrumental Music (1992)****
[https://app.box.com/s/dizniodnhgo596b6l8vx0partfdjehps](https://app.box.com/s/dizniodnhgo596b6l8vx0partfdjehps)

</aside>